Updated content in various nodes in NodeJS  -Why nodejs, Installing N… (#2019)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/105-nodejs-working-with-files/107-dirname.md

> # Dirname
> 
> The __dirname in a node script returns the path of the folder where the current JavaScript file resides. __filename and __dirname are used to get the filename and directory name of the currently executing file.
> 
> 1. Gives absolute path of the directory that contains the currently executing file.	
> 2. Returns a pointer to a string i.e. the parent directory of currently executing file.	
> 3. Works similar to process.cwd() until the node is run from a directory which is different from the directory where the JavaScript file is stored.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/modules.html#__dirname'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/nodejs-how-to-use__dirname'>Digital Ocean | how to use __dirname </BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# __dirname

The `__dirname` in a node script returns the path of the folder where the current JavaScript file resides. `__filename` and `__dirname` are used to get the filename and directory name of the currently executing file.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/modules.html#__dirname'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/nodejs-how-to-use__dirname'>How to use __dirname</BadgeLink>
```
